there were some guys come here enjoy
life we finally get our hands on the
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 obviously just
announced people in Berlin and at a
summit somebody needs to be here in New
York City so while it's just one third
would quickly it's gonna come in white
and black and then there's gonna be pink
version see now Samsung's gone with a
different sort of material this time
around rather than a slippery sort of
gross glossy plastic back they've gone
with a faux leather which we will be
able to be swapped out for either
metallic looks or other leather
materials if you like so you don't
necessarily have to stick with the
supple leather you can see it's even got
stitching going up and down the side so
it's definitely they sort of both almost
bled there's look to it tweets around I
guess you've got a 13 megapixel camera
up top Lawrence you're looking at a 5.7
inch or five point 16 inch full HD Super
AMOLED display
obviously got the best handling right
there this is a demo unit of the
International Version it's coming
obviously globally everywhere though
let's survey the specific launch details
like those I'm sure they were the press
release I haven't read yet look at the
camera UI really quickly
looks pretty standard stuff in terms of
Samsung software you've gotta know your
modes
we've got all of your modes down here I
was actually showing them to me in sort
of a different layout rather than the
wheel but we go ahead and snap picture
works just like you'd normally see
cameras stumble up the diary later to
see what's really new in there you're
still looking at standard sort of
samsung touchwiz what you call grown
accustomed to over the years we jump it
in the notification shade pulldown
you've got all of your quick toggles it
is running Android 4.3 so you do have
actually up a whole page full of engage
the parents are toggles over here
notifications obviously we jump into
settings you can see that they've
actually redone the entire setting some
idea for the galaxy s4 so we started
work harder than about this a little bit
this organization was kind of clearly
messed up and now you've got connections
device controls general so it's a woman
section controls where you're gonna
spend all of your time with voice input
it's free mode your ear gestures your
area your command all the new stuff and
generals we're gonna find battery
storage about device let's show you that
the newest version of me enjoy
understand some they've been a top of
that more than anyone one of the
features they want to show you
it's video could get long bear with me
this if you do this swipe up it's sort
of do this there was a little bit
delayed let's go back this swipe up in
the bottom of the screen this is where
you get into their new feature which
I've already forgot the name of but it's
exactly like HTC speed we see scroll
through good news and sort of updates
depending on your location but I was
told I believe you can also social media
feeds and stuff is essentially Flipboard
/ or live feed combined into one so we
get to access that you actually do this
swiping gesture from the bottom of the
screen in it this is definitely not a
one-handed device because know that
already struggling so we get swipe up
let's access em alright so I'm gonna set
the phone there hopefully it stays there
so as hen's got some new things going on
first of all and can be inserted into
the device either way doesn't no matter
how you throw it in the used to have to
put the panga specific way because had
sort of a tapering edge right now you
can actually put this in whichever way
you'd like so they've done a couple of
new things probably the coolest that
I've seen so far
and right so if you hover over and click
once you get your menu up and if you do
into this pen window option you can then
that's obstruction and then you see
quadruple options to whatever you want
to go and that bottle box like the teeth
of the calculator loads calculator you
can do this little time so let's say
I've got the calculator of another cops
with so now you can actually have as
another box on top of another box you
can see that you just keep going with
this you can actually close them so
they've done a whole bunch of stuff
there spen obviously you can click and
double tap to get into memo everything
that was in the previous version
listen Dumbledore's a new technology
with the pain which will obviously put
the time into your favor where's the
Samsung Apps suite yeah there's quite a
few of them so we haven't even gotten
into carrier add-ons or things like that
yet I do believe there are only 32 gig
64 gig versions of the device meaning
all of the new add-on stuff was too much
for a 60 MV version of the phone so you
only have two options but you guys are
gonna complain about storage battery I
believe is about 32 hundred million
power steps are getting under it or on
the market in the US you're probably
gonna see